# Day 5
__01/15/21__

## Ramblings

The hackathon was an interesting experience to say the least. We did a fair amount of plsnning on thursday, an attempt at figma was made, however, we all had hangups regarding the software so we went with a more basic wireframe. I took on more of the server and database side of things, which was a good opportunity to figure out how Auth0 and heroku work in a controlled and supportive environment. At first everything was going smoothly, he had a couple of snags setting up the server, they had a couple snags with the client, but things were mostly working out. Cody is a genius at html and css. The issue, I believe, was that we were too ambitious. By the time we were ready to connect everything it was already super late, none of us were able to think as well as we were used to, and we really struggled getting things to draw. We made some changes to the server, and tried to get a working website. We managed to get most of the way there, with a couple more buttons on the DOM, and a function or two to just draw the data we have relationship mapped it could be a really cool site, but we ran out of time. I attempted to make some changes over the weekend, but some of my teammates mentioned they had made some changes to the elements I would need to change, but when I pulled from github the changes they mentioned weren't showing up. I wasn't comfortable making/committing the changes I was planning on when it is likely they would cause merge conflicts with my peers code. Which could potentially break the code, as it is I believe nothing has changed since that night. If I could do it again I think we should have planned ahead better, I think we should have had a product owner who could make difficult decisions and keep us on track, and I think we should have focused on an MVP and incremented features rather than going for the whole kahuna right off the bat.

## Afternoon Challenge (Checkpoint)

https://hackathon-red.herokuapp.com/